doc: clarify supported upgrade and rollback scenarios (#30408)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade-warning.rst

.. warning::

   Read the full upgrade guide to understand all the necessary steps before
   performing them.
   performing them. Pay particular attention to :ref:`current_release_required_changes`
   before proceeding.

   Do not upgrade to \ |NEXT_RELEASE|.0 before reading the section
   :ref:`current_release_required_changes` and completing the required steps.

>    Skipping this step may lead to an non-functional upgrade.

Reviewer: IMO I think the wording in the paragraph you removed is helpful to users because it gives a very clear warning with instructions. Users may interpret what it means to "pay particular attention" differently, but it's harder to misinterpret "do not upgrade before reading". Would you mind reverting this change? What do you think?

>    The only tested rollback path is between consecutive minor releases. This means
>    that going from (a hypothethical) 1.42 to 1.43 and back is supported while going
>    to 1.44 is not.

Reviewer: Couple of suggestions here. Let me know what you think:

* This statement is also relevant to upgrade paths
* Use smaller version numbers, as these are commonly associated with examples
* Provide a clear instruction to users given this information

```suggestion
   The only tested rollback and upgrade path is between consecutive minor releases.
   Always perform rollbacks and upgrades between one minor release at a time.
   This means that going from (a hypothetical) 1.1 to 1.2 and back is supported
   while going from 1.1 to 1.3 and back is not.
```
